Add docs for Helm chart features introduced in v0.8.0 (#5825)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/platform/k8s/connect.html.md

  6789, respectively. The name of the service is the name of the service
  registered with Consul. This value defaults to no upstreams.

* `consul.hashicorp.com/connect-service-protocol` - For pods that will be
  registered with Consul's [central configuration](/docs/agent/config_entries.html)

>   feature, information about the protocol the service uses is required. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  feature, information about the protocol the service uses is required. Users
```

>   can be defined directly by using this annotation on the pod spec, or by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  can define the protocol directly by using this annotation on the pod spec, or by
```
